1.Create directory Lab7.

2. In file MathFunc.sh:

a). write a function called mult which multiplies together a sequence of numbers.
For example, mult 2 4 6 will print 48.

b). Write a function called isEven that prints 1, if a number is even or 0, if a number is not even.
For example, isEven 24 will print 1.

c). Write a function called numOfEvens which prints the number of even numbers when provided with a sequence of numbers.
Use isEven when writing this function.
For example, numOfEvens 2 5 7 5 8 93 will print 2.

d). Write a function called fibo which prints the number of fibonaci numbers specified.
For example, fibo 4 will print 0 1 1 2 and fibo 10 will print 0 1 1 2 3 5 8 13 21 34

e). Write a function called minMax which prints the maximum and minimum values of a sequence of numbers.
For example, minMax 2 67 4 21 9 100 4 will print min=2, max=100.

f). Write a script that takes sequence of numbers, asks the user to choose one of the above functions a), c) or e)
then calls the chosen function with this sequence of numbers and prints the result on the screen. If a wrong option is
selected, the program will send an appropriate message to the Errors.er file.
For example, running the command
> ./ MathFunc.sh 4 1 2 1
and choosing the function a), will print:
The result of mult is 8.

3). In Lab7 create a file named ComposersFile which contains the First names, Second names, years of birth, countries
of birth of at least 5 famous composers. The fields will be separated by spaces
For example, one line of this file can be:
Wolfgang Mozart 1756 Austria.

a). Write a function first_names which will create file named FirstYear with First Names and years of birth only of the composers.

b). Write a script Composers.sh which will takes as input one parameter (FN, SN, Year, Country) 
and prepare file which name is identical to the given parameter and it contains only the information
about the First Name/Second name/Year of Birth/Country of birth.
For example:
- Composers.sh FN will prepare file named FN which contains the first names of the composers only.
- Composers.sh Year will prepare file named Year which contains the years of the birth of the composers only.

4). Write a script Arrange.sh that transfers files (which are not directories)
from the current directory into sub-directories according to the following rules.

For any file (which is not directory):

1. If there is a sub-directory of the current directory whose name is the same as
the first 4 letters in the name of the file, the file will be moved into the
directory. (Note that this moves the file and not copies it).

2. If condition 1 is not met, and there are at least two additional files in the
current directory that are not directories, so that the first 4 letters in their name
are the same as the first 4 letters in the file name, the program will create a
new sub-directory whose name is the same as the first 4 letters of the file
name, and the file will be moved into this sub-directory.

For example, If the following files exist in the current directory:
file1 file2 file3 prog1 prog2 prog script1 script2,
when only prog is a directory
then, after running the program Arrange.sh, in the current directory will be
the following files: file, script1, script2, prog.
- the files file1, file2, file3 will be in the directory file.
- the files prog1 and prog2 will be in the directory prog in addition to the other files/directories located in prog.
