Description of the exercise:

In this exercise you will write a bash script that calculates statistics on the lyrics of the Beatles' songs.
The information you will work on is found as a tar.gz file in the model 
(it can be opened by the command tar -xvf beatles.tar.gz from the Bash command line) and in tmp /beatles/ on the circle server. 
In the folder you can find the lyrics of all the songs that the Beatles released in the following format:
• First line: the name of the song 
• Second line: empty 
• Third line onwards: the lyrics of the song

The requested script:

Write a script called beatles-info.sh that performs the following actions:

1. Receives two arguments: an input folder (the folder where the files with the song lyrics are located) and an output folder,
to which you will write the files described below. Check that you received two parameters, 
issue a usage message if not and exit the program. 
Save the two parameters in the variables beatles_dir (input) and -out_dir (output) and use these variables.

2. Check that the input folder exists. Issue an error message if not and exit the program. 

3. Check if the output folder exists. If so, ask the user whether to overwrite the folder. If the answer is negative
Issue an aborting message and exit the script, if the answer is positive delete the output folder. 
In any case where the program continues, create the output folder. To receive input from the user from within the script, 

4. Print the number of files in the songs folder to standard output. 

5. For the song Here comes the sun (found in the file herecomesthesun.txt), 
print the number of times the word comes appears in words only. 

6. Print the average number of words in each song, according to the level of precision that bash allows (rounding to whole numbers). 
The average refers only to words without the name of the song.

7. Create a file named beatles.most-frequent-word.txt in the output folder where you write the name of 
each Beatles song and the most common word in the song with the number of times it appears. See an example in the sample output.

8. Create a file named beatles.word-occurrences.txt into which you will print all the words that appear in the Beatles' songs 
and their total number of occurrences, from the word that appears the most to the word that appears the least. 
The count should not include the names of the songs.

Remove the following characters from the text: period: ., opening brackets: ), closing brackets: (, exclamation mark: !, comma: , 
the word count should ignore case (ie: hello and Hello should be counted together). Look for the arguments (flags) for the relevant commands.

9. Create a file called beatles.song-names-abc.txt into which you will print the number of song names
that begin with each letter of the English alphabet. That is: some song names start with A, some with B, etc. 
It is possible to print only the letters with which a song's name begins. The print should be in alphabetical order.

10. Write code that receives a word from the user in a loop (without spaces, no need to check) and prints the number of songs, 
not including the names of the songs, in which the word appears as a word or as part of another word 
(for example the will be counted even when it appears in other). The reference
For the word it is without difference in hello (case and Hello are considered the same word). 
To exit the loop press the key that uses X
